2647c proofs and branding for flutter tutorial (#2707)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: src/pages/tutorials/flutter-wallet.mdx

  slug="/tutorials/flutter-wallet"
/>

In this guide, we'll use the MetaMask Embedded Wallets SDK (formerly Web3Auth Plug and Play) to build your chain-agnostic web3 wallet in Flutter. The wallet will support the Ethereum and Solana ecosystems.

You will create a demo app which supports user login, displays user details, and performs blockchain interactions. The signing of the blockchain transactions is done through the Embedded Wallets SDK. 

:::tip

See the [Embedded Wallets management infrastructure](/embedded-wallets/infrastructure/) for a high-level overview of the Embedded Wallets management infrastructure, architecture, and implementation. For those who want to skip straight to the code, find it on [GitHub](https://github.com/Web3Auth/web3auth-flutter-examples/tree/main/flutter-playground).

:::

This is what your application will look like: 

<img
  style={{ display: 'block', margin: '20px auto' }}
  src={WalletPreview}
  alt="Flutter Wallet Screenshots"
/>

## Step 1: Set up the Embedded Wallets dashboard

> Sign up on the [Embedded Wallets platform](https://dashboard.web3auth.io/). It's free 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign up on the [Embedded Wallets dashboard](https://dashboard.web3auth.io/). It's free 
```

> and gives you access to the Embedded Wallets' base plan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and gives you access to the base plan. 
```

}
```

## Step 3: Set up blockchain providers

> Next, we fetch the user details, retrieve their wallet address, and prepare blockchain providers for interactions. This guide supports the Ethereum and Solana ecosystems, but the general idea can be extended to any blockchain ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, you fetch the user details, retrieve the wallet address, and prepare providers for onchain interactions. This guide covers Ethereum and Solana, but you can apply the same approach to other ecosystems.
```

}
```

### Solana provider

> Next, we will extend `ChainProvider` and create `SolanaProvider`. For `SolanaProvider`, we'll only implement the `getBalance`, `sendTransaction`, and `signMessage`. We'll also add `_generateKeyPair()`, a helper method to create `Ed25519HDKeyPair`. It's used to sign the transactions and messages on Solana ecosystem. Since, Solana uses `ed25519` curve, we can utilize the `Web3AuthFlutter.getEd25519PrivKey`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, extend `ChainProvider` and create `SolanaProvider`. In `SolanaProvider`, only implement the `getBalance`, `sendTransaction`, and `signMessage` methods. Add `_generateKeyPair()`to generate an `Ed25519HDKeyPair`which `SolanaProvider` uses to sign transactions and messages in the Solana ecosystem. Because Solana uses the `ed25519` curve, we can use `Web3AuthFlutter.getEd25519PrivKey` to retrieve the private key.
```

}
```

After successfully setting up the `ServiceLocator`, initialize it in the `main` function above `Web3AuthFlutter` initialization.

```dart
void main() async {
  WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
  ServiceLocator.setUp();

  // Additional Web3AuthFlutter initiation code.
}
```

### 5.2 Set up the home provider

> Next, create a `ChangeNotifier` to help us manage the state of the wallet. The notifier will help us manage the state of currently selected chain, and access the respective chain provider. For the state management, we will be using the `provider` package, so make sure to add `provider` as a dependency.

Reviewer 2: Because these are numbered, let's avoid next. It's implied.
